Group Members:
Jason Jiang - jjiang27@iastate.edu
---

This program is part of a series of assignments with the goal of creating a rogue-like game.

This program generates a dungeon to standard output. The dungeon is filled with monsters and a pc character.

(1.06) The dungeon is hidden behind fog of war. The PC can only see in a 5x5 square around itself.
       The area that the PC can see is highlighted in orange.
       Dungeon cells outside of the PC field of view shows the last seen state
       The PC has access to two debugging codes, which are detailed below.

The user is able to control the PC character, giving it commands to move with keystrokes.

The (new) commands for assignment 1.06:

f - toggles fog of war
g - enters teleporting mode
      - disables fog
      - a '+' will appear. This is the 'cursor'
      - can control the cursor with the same movement keys as controlling PC
      - press 'g' again to teleport to the cursor position
      - press 'r' to teleport to a random location
      - if you teleport onto a monster, you will teleport onto it and kill it
      - fog will start again after a teleport
      - this will take one turn


The (other) available commands are:

7 or y - Attempt to move PC one cell to the upper left.
8 or k - Attempt to move PC one cell up.
9 or u - Attempt to move PC one cell to the upper right.
6 or l - Attempt to move PC one cell to the right.
3 or n - Attempt to move PC one cell to the lower right.
2 or j - Attempt to move PC one cell down.
1 or b - Attempt to move PC one cell to the lower left.
4 or h - Attempt to move PC one cell to the left.
> - Attempt to go down stairs. Works only if standing on down staircase.
< - Attempt to go up stairs. Works only if standing on up staircase.
5 or space or . - Rest for a turn. NPCs still move.
m - Display a list of monsters in the dungeon, with their symbol and position relative to the PC (e.g.: “c, 2 north and 14 west”).
up arrow - When displaying monster list, if entire list does not fit in screen and not currently at top of list, scroll list up.
down arrow - When displaying monster list, if entire list does not fit in screen and not currently at bottom of list, scroll list down.
escape - When displaying monster list, return to character control.
Q - Quit the game


The game ends either when the player dies or all the monsters die.
